#Trivial Updates to README.me files. (#641)
justeat/fozzie-components: packages/components/organisms/f-registration/README.md

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/justeat/f-registration/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/justeat/f-registration)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/justeat/f-registration/badge.svg?targetFile=package.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/justeat/f-registration?targetFile=package.json)

---

## Usage

### Installation

Install the module using NPM or Yarn:

```sh
yarn add @justeat/f-registration
```

```sh
npm install @justeat/f-registration
```

### Vue Applications

You can import it in your Vue SFC like this (please note that styles have to be imported separately):

```js
import RegistrationComponent from '@justeat/f-registration';
import '@justeat/f-registration/dist/f-registration.css';

export default {
    components: {
        RegistrationComponent
    }
}
```

> If you are using Webpack, you can import the component dynamically to separate the `mega-modal` bundle from the main `bundle.client.js`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Webpack, you can import the component dynamically to separate the `registration` bundle from the main `bundle.client.js`:
```

```js
import '@justeat/f-registration/dist/f-registration.css';

export default {
    components: {
        // …
        RegistrationComponent: () => import(/* webpackChunkName: "vue-registration" */ '@justeat/f-registration')
    }
}
```

## Configuration

### Props

There may be props that allow you to customise its functionality.

The props that can be defined are as follows (if any):

| Prop  | Type  | Default | Description |
| ----- | ----- | ------- | ----------- |

> ### CSS Classes

Reviewer: Same as above – can delete this section here.
